you
moving you to our core work now sit up
nice and tall link through the spine
I'm in what's wrong through the spine as
we were all down and coming up again we
synchronizing the breath up exhale down
inhale up exhale down inhale up you can
take the hands at the knees like you're
holding on to a ball and ha ha
and exhale let's take it over the spine
in exhale inhale like you're holding
onto a beautiful Bowl pow and you can
make this as big or as small as you like
so you can make it nice and small like
I'm doing now well you can make it speed
like I'm doing now so the bigger you
make it is strong gonna work is so
choose your option let's go up the
middle now off the moon and down it
around the side up the middle down and
around inhale up now exhale down inhale
exhale down
egg tell it to one more to either side
one and then full fertile round and
round this is one of our favorites at
bhavati around two more this way last
one slow it right down it's down down
down down and up up up back the other
way
so inhale exhale inhale down exhale up
keep breathing last one we'll take it
down two three four and up two three
four and back to send a big inhale
exhale round it down again this time
round them through this one really draw
the belly back towards this time you can
stay here or a little stronger you can
take your hands off let's hold two three
four and pulse two three four hold two
three four and pulse two three four and
hold two three four last set pulse two
three four and bring the hands back onto
the backs of knees inhale up take a big
deep breath and exhale round down
through the spine again take your hands
across the body more work for the
obliques twisting as strongly as you can
you can leave your hands on the knees
that's your easy options right hands on
the leg stronger option release one hand
strong it's still release four let's
hold it here
three four and pulse two three four hold
two three four and pulse two three four
laughs set hold two three four pulse two
three four well we take your hands back
to knees inhale up these deep breath
mitch is playing along and then exhale
for handing down laughs take your hands
across is what are you twisting as
strongly as you can the twist from the
belly option one both hands option two
option three and let's pulse two three
four and hole two three four and pulse
two three four hold two three four last
set pulse two three four and hold Wow
wait take your hands back onto these
release in and baddha konasana big deep
breath here take your hands back kind of
stretch out the belly that feels really
nice
nice deep breaths here and there only
let's rock cross their feet and come
down onto the belly we'll take a baby
Cobra stretch here to properly stretch
out the abdominal muscles so elbows are
pressing into the mat your fingertips
gripped and just lift the chest and the
heart forward and feel a beautiful
stretch along the front of the belly and
breathe as always breathe and remember a
little stronger you can take your elbows
off the floor a little higher let's come
onto the hands and knees and sit back
for childhood while we prepare to pull
down
you